end of game at independence the beginning
was good for the Cruzeirense but the second
time they did not want to know the
no one's mother announces the judge and
web banner roberto every year he does
This with us I do not know if they cbf
but it's absurd that's just so pay the
time b
If it was the team she feels again I want
who received us at his house is here
The party started nice, not the party.
It's always good
finished the bad result but the beginning
it was good team b played very well if it was
holder to 6 again definitely not okay to
party here in the lion's house was for the
moms let's see how the track was
agent without place in the
group of cruzeirenses goes from churrascão
friend to see the game
Leandro is the barbecue grill and the owner of
house but the kitchen is the mother zone
Dona neide will not go kg with children right
mother day working taking care of a
hungry crowd of meat and goals
So many people go to the tv room and stay up
small place yes always fits one more
especially at the time of the party, right?
and I'll give you flowers for all the
moms
know everything, guess who's in charge
there is so much joy
but the second time there came
the pictures speak louder than
winning team from cruise has to be
so because here it is the liberators and
Wednesday we are in Minasirão
everybody together and let's go to the tri
Strip not defeat the spirit of it not
warrior the neona dona decrees the
classic is past now is think of
liberators
mother's heart is not mistaken I do not
I believe I'm sure Wednesday
cruise
the classic end and relief
the celebrated atleticano supporter gave
even the famous goldfish
Thank God, this myth is a doctor today.
average other medium I've never seen a barbecue
minerals and spoke I liked the rooster is
villain the money only joy joy is
this game for the recovery of the shed
back worship levi will restructure the
House
brazilian champion back to
liberators since it comes with certainty
so goes the day of the mothers atleticanas and
two children will also leave the
traditional pasta aside for me
for being here in the garden
every year is alone this year was not
I'll stay at home, but I'll go along with her.
class as in classic the most victory
delicious
this after all the tension since the
rival was in front had alvinegro
smiling with the turn
and the alvinegros players tried to
make beautiful and leave the Sunday of
atleticana family special of
More happy moms
the rooster guys tell me the athletic team
is having a difficult time in
conclusion and everything but I think it was worth it.
It is a good result to remember to worry about
climb on the table
think four bedroom classic of the year
three draws and now a win at the base
of suffering on the basis of difficulty
so we leave the country very happy to
people, thank god very much for
when I was living here
in a good time
many games without winning then victory
on top of our rival gives us enough
moral confidence for our sequence
throughout the year